I will spend one more second
before I shift this thing and
move on to the next one.
Unless you have any wishes
here before we move on.
But what else we can do here we
can actually step this out, right?
So we can interpreter test.
Could do interpretTest here, and
instead of dbToTask what about dbToId,
right?
Instead of consoleToTask,
what about consoleToId?
And we could write a little
couple functions here.
So we have consoleToTask,
where Instead of actually params ID,
instead of actually reading
the question getting the input,
we can say Id of,
it's going to be a function here of
whatever the question
was q say answer to q.
All right, get this out of my way.
It's gotta be horribly frustrating for
people online.
Sorry about these pop-ups everywhere cool.
So there is question.
Let me actually break this out in other
word [LAUGH] rating some actual stuff.
And what's gonna happen here for
the output,
this well, I've got some,
I've got a string and
I can do Id of writing the string as.
All right keep doing that,
remember I'm gonna be interpolating so
you could see what's going on.
Cool, so what we're doing is, returning
an ID that kind of logs what's happening.
And it's not actually
writing to the screen.
We're getting data back.
If we do DB to Id, we can do the same
thing on save and an all oops.
And that takes our table both times.
Tip on a record query.
And again,
saving our table.
And here we'll finding all
in the table with a query.
Great, see what happens here
with our test interpreter.
Just blows up.
[LAUGH] I'm still forking it.
[LAUGH] So Id and
we're just going to extract.
And then from there,
we're going to run our recursively
on that and see what happens.
Eddie's not fine, I gotta bring it in.
Boo Boo.
This is about the time of the day where
this is just gonna be air after after air.
F is not a function and interpretTest,
just don't even know where f is.
So we're gonna run that.
Are we back to,
>> Ruby start and data function.
>> So
we're extracting whatever is in the Id.
And remember before we made this promise
that these things were going to be
returning like, well, I think they're
returning tasks of the continuation.
And as we run these things and
chain these things, we're actually
running and chaining the free mon ad,
which is being interpreted into
a different kind of result.
So that should still hold like dbSave and
all that is just turning
them into Ids now.
I think I'm just,
I'm confused what f is right now.
This will be the last little thing.
Just look at this console.logf.
Once again, back to I should just
left this in the first place, right?
[SOUND] Okay, what is f?
F is undefined router route.
There we go.
See what happened.
I didn't interpret correctly on
my question is the answer to and
it's supposed to be a route.
Just for fun let's just do
right let's see what happens.
[SOUND] [LAUGH] Blew the stack.
[LAUGH] But you can see,
it is indeed interpreting it.
We just have to do a little
bit more work arounds.
Okay, now that we're not going to task and
doing this question answer interface,
how do I mock out.
I think what I would do next before
we shut this is to say well,
I have a answer to every question,
kinda pre canned in my test framework,
and I'll just look up my
answers table to the cube.
Then what's happening is we're actually
writing the valid route back when
I asked the right questions.
Printing should work and
then it's interesting,
something we may not have noticed is
the fixed data point is a recursive data
structure as we see it
just blew this deck.
We just call this again and
again and again right?
And the way to stop a free mon ad,
you have a few constructors
in here lift f puts you in a free,
but you also have pure.
And pure is a way to make your constructor
that's the end and it will just stop.
So we could do that, but
we wont, you know, it's there.
And this is a cool way to do it.
We've written an app and
we've written it in terms of free monads.
And we've made multiple interpreters.
So all as well.
Okay, do we have any questions on this?
>> Can you scroll back up to the top?
I'm sure I just, it was triggered by
the one of the last things that we added.
We had to pull in what was the Id monad.
Yes, the fixed points type.
Essentially, we have to have
some sort of exit condition.
>> Yes.
>> The loops.
So whether that's a type or
it's a logical construction or
something, we need to have some
way of cueing the recursion to.
>> Exactly, and actually that's exactly.
So you start with fix.
And we have these functors have either
have a fixed point functor or you don't.
A list is a fixed point functor,
cuz it will have a list inside a list
inside a list until you hit null, right?
And null is the fixed point.
The way fix works is it injects itself
in between each of these things.
And free does the exact same thing
just provides you with pure to stop.
So you have your functor and then you
go to free you're going to functor and
get free and then you finally
hit your pure and you stop.
So it gives you it's just
fixed with an endpoint to it.